want to learn how we outranked a huge
brand like webflow on page one of Google
and how you can do the same for your
industry then stay tuned
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I share actual
website at B2B marketing tips use guides
resources and more you can give it a
shot over at businessgrowth dot email so
let's jump in to how we did it and how
you can do it for your company so the
first thing was we wanted to actually
identify the keywords or Target Search
terms we wanted to rank for and page one
of Google's organic search results so in
this case we went for long tail keywords
typically Search terms with more than
two words in the keyword itself so in
our case we wanted to go for B2B SAS web
developments assassin software as a
service and we also went for SAS web
development but in your case think about
what are those niches what are those
Industries what are those sectors that
you particularly like to work with
perhaps they're more profitable perhaps
there's lesser competition what are some
of those nuanced industries that you can
Target which might have less competition
but has high intent so if someone
searches for this phrase then they may
have high intent to inquire with you or
purchase your services to give your
comparison a very generic keyword in our
case non-long tail might be web
development or SEO where someone typing
that might just be looking for more
information or an article and not really
in buying mode whereas someone searches
for a long tail keyword like B2B SAS web
development SAS web development or SAS
web development company chances are they
probably won't inquire about it so with
that said get your keywords niched get
them long tail and let's dive into the
next step and some quick proof so the
time of recording it's January 2023 so
for those watching on video here it is
B2B SAS web development with page one
here just above webflow as you can see
and then likewise for SAS web
development
the rules of page one here just by
Salesforce as you can see for B2B SAS
we're right near the top SAS web
development about halfway down on search
but bearing in mind we only Built out
the page to rank for very very recently
it shows you can get results pretty
quickly and the next thing you want to
do is you want to look up the
competitors that are ranking in the top
three organic positions for those
keywords that you're going after so in
our case it was SAS web development and
B2B SAS web development and we've got
gojilabs.com that are ranking pretty
well right now but in your case go for
your relevant Search terms your relevant
keywords and what you want to do is you
want to analyze the structure of the
page the types of content they're using
and how they're building out the page go
through it make notes and look for any
areas you can improve on so in Goji Labs
example that we're looking at here
they've got SAS platform web development
they've got a bit of a spiel about their
company and who they work with with and
how they help then they've actually got
what is SAS platform web development so
they break down a few paragraphs about
that what's mobile development got some
images they're talking about the pricing
so how much does it cost and a few
different ways that you can attack the
project then you've got a list of four
different types of best practices and
also a link to an internal page then
they've got some use cases so some
verticals some Industries they can help
with and lastly they've got some case
studies so a couple clients they've
helped links links through to those and
then call to action to actually start a
project so in your case look at those
top three or so organic ranking pages
that are in the top spots now make notes
of their structure but also think about
ways that you can improve with your own
page content
I.E what are the wins that you can get
on this competitor can you add more
detail on a topic can you add some
unique insights do you have some unique
data points or unique stats maybe you've
done some review some case studies that
you can add upon maybe you've got some
nice infographics maybe you've got a
review on the subject or maybe you've
reviewed a subject matter expert you
might have a podcast a video all these
areas you can run up it make a note and
then once you've done that we can look
at actually building out the page so now
let's talk through the page that brings
this all to life and that is ranking now
for those Target keywords so first of
all we wanted to make a service page
which went under our service menu then
we wanted to make sure the actual URL
was relevant so after our main website
address web design Choice dot code UK we
put forward slash SAS hyphen web hyphen
development so make sure whoever books
after your website sorts out that URL so
it's relevant to that Target keyword so
that you're going after and then let's
dive into the structure so in our case
we did a very comprehensive walkthrough
on this page we've got some nice imagery
we're talking about what is SAS web
development
we've got a call to action if people
want to contact us we've then got some
client testimonials we're then talking
about how SAS applications work and what
they are
we've then got more detail about what
value SAS applications can provide
some info about the benefits
why you should consider launching a SAS
application an actual walkthrough on how
you can launch a SAS app yourself with
different areas of text that are Dynamic
so you can click through into each one
we've talked about some popular use
cases Erp project management
collaboration marketing each one's got a
nice little graphic and a use case then
we've got some more examples of live
streaming and learning then we're going
into the pricing strategy I.E can do
like a free model product like growth
paper feature tiered model another call
to action if people want to contact us
and then talk a little bit more about
the cost so as you can see finally we've
got a video as well a little explainer
and then some Brands we work with in a
call to action so as you can see we've
tried to make it as comprehensive as
possible we've got social proof as
people scroll with testimonials case
studies and such and we've got clear and
consistent call to actions so if people
want to contact us as they're scrolling
through and are ready to speak to a
sales expert they can do so they can
click through go to our contact form and
get in touch a few final points to add
is that this tactic works best when
you're going after a niche Target search
term so like I mentioned earlier it
could be that there's a specific target
market you want to attract it could be
there's a specific service or a
particular Niche that you really want to
tap into and there's not that much
competition because then your content
can simply give a better experience you
can give more detail can answer
questions can really be of value to your
audience and that's how you're going to
be able to outrank those competitors
that might be falling short when it
comes to their a service or article
Pages you also want to make sure you get
your meta title and description on point
so it's relevant to the service and it's
also going to prompt people to click
through when they see your result in the
search engine ranking page and also your
basic on-page SEO so things like your
heading tags H1s H2S h3s making sure the
page is mobile friendly
making sure it loads nice and quickly to
not only help the SEO but your user
experience your conversion rates and so
on and there you have it I hope you
found this walkthrough of use as always
if you enjoyed it a quick rating or
review on your podcast Channel or
subscribe on YouTube it's much
appreciated and with that I'll catch you
on the next one cheers